com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentDeliveryCompletedBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentDeliveryCompletedBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutCustomProgressDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutCustomProgressDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/glide/GlideRequest.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.GlideRequest
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/home/HomeActivity_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeActivity_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/detail/PackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.PackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.PackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.PackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding$2
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutCustomAppDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutCustomAppDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/delivery/DeliveryCompletedItemListAdapter$PickAddressItemViewHolder_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.delivery.DeliveryCompletedItemListAdapter$PickAddressItemViewHolder_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/home/CityItemListAdapter$CityItemViewHolder_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.CityItemListAdapter$CityItemViewHolder_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentCancelDeliveryBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentCancelDeliveryBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutHomeActivityDrawerContentBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutHomeActivityDrawerContentBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutPackageAttachImageItemBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutPackageAttachImageItemBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/glide/UnsafeOkHttpClient.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.UnsafeOkHttpClient
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.UnsafeOkHttpClient$1
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/ProgressBarLayoutBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.ProgressBarLayoutBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/detail/DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding$2
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding$3
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding$4
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.DeliveryDetailFragment_ViewBinding$5
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/glide/MyGlideModule.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.MyGlideModule
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/detail/TrackPackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.TrackPackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.TrackPackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.TrackPackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding$2
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.TrackPackageDetailFragment_ViewBinding$3
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/delivery/CancelDeliveryFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.delivery.CancelDeliveryFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.delivery.CancelDeliveryFragment_ViewBinding$1
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/detail/TrackStepperItemListAdapter$TrackStepperItemViewHolder_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.TrackStepperItemListAdapter$TrackStepperItemViewHolder_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutRatingDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutRatingDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutCityListItemBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutCityListItemBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/delivery/PendingDeliveryItemListAdapter$PickAddressItemViewHolder_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.delivery.PendingDeliveryItemListAdapter$PickAddressItemViewHolder_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutStatusListItemBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutStatusListItemBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/glide/GlideRequests.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.GlideRequests
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/glide/GlideApp.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.GlideApp
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedRequestManagerFactory.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedRequestManagerFactory
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/detail/AssignedToOptionListAdapter$AssignedToOptionItemViewHolder_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.detail.AssignedToOptionListAdapter$AssignedToOptionItemViewHolder_ViewBinding
com/bumptech/glide/GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl.java
 com.bumptech.glide.GeneratedAppGlideModuleImpl
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/ActionBarLayoutBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.ActionBarLayoutBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/home/NavigationDrawerFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.NavigationDrawerFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.NavigationDrawerFragment_ViewBinding$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.NavigationDrawerFragment_ViewBinding$2
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.NavigationDrawerFragment_ViewBinding$3
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.FileUtils
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/utils/TouchImageView.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$CompatScroller
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$DoubleTapZoom
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$FixedPixel
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$Fling
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$GestureListener
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$OnTouchImageViewListener
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$PrivateOnTouchListener
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$ScaleListener
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$State
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.TouchImageView$ZoomVariables
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/glide/GlideOptions.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.glide.GlideOptions
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/home/HomeFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeFragment_ViewBinding$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeFragment_ViewBinding$2
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeFragment_ViewBinding$3
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeFragment_ViewBinding$4
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.HomeFragment_ViewBinding$5
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutDeliveryCompletedItemBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutDeliveryCompletedItemBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/ActivityLauncherBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.ActivityLauncherBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/login/ui/login/LoginActivity_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.login.ui.login.LoginActivity_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/delivery/CompletedDeliveryFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.delivery.CompletedDeliveryFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.delivery.CompletedDeliveryFragment_ViewBinding$1
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutContactNumberDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutContactNumberDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/data/api/BasicAuthInterceptor.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.data.api.BasicAuthInterceptor
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutPendingDeliveryItemBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutPendingDeliveryItemBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/home/PackageStatusItemListAdapter$CityItemViewHolder_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.home.PackageStatusItemListAdapter$CityItemViewHolder_ViewBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutCitySelectionDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutCitySelectionDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentTrackPackageDetailBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentTrackPackageDetailBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/utils/CustomTrust.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.utils.CustomTrust
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutPackageStatusSelectionDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutPackageStatusSelectionDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/ui/profile/ProfileFragment_ViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.profile.ProfileFragment_ViewBinding
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.profile.ProfileFragment_ViewBinding$1
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.ui.profile.ProfileFragment_ViewBinding$2
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentPackageDetailBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentPackageDetailBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/BuildConfig.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.BuildConfig
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentNavigationDrawerBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentNavigationDrawerBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutTrackDeliveryStepperItemBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutTrackDeliveryStepperItemBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/FragmentDeliveryDetailBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.FragmentDeliveryDetailBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutPackageSizeChangeDialogBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutPackageSizeChangeDialogBinding
com/quadvision/anydel/backend/databinding/LayoutEmptyViewBinding.java
 com.quadvision.anydel.backend.databinding.LayoutEmptyViewBinding
